There's a lot of tools out there for
trading S&P zeroday options, but the
trend spread engine from Alpha Crunching
is the only tool that combines trend
analysis, strike selection, time of day
with back testing and real-time alerts
with levels into a single system
designed specifically for trading S&P
zero DTE credit spreads. Now, here's how
it works. Every day, the trend spread
engine posts a zerodte credit spread
trade in our Discord server from 10:00
a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Eastern time. Each of
those trades are put into the database
and then we run a report each week that
you can check on Sunday to know which
time frames have been the best
performers over the last 90 days. In
this particular update, we can see the
top time frames are 10:30, 10, 10:15,
11:30, and 12:15. Those are the top
five. So, in the upcoming week, these
particular time frames, whatever the
trend is, those credit spreads will be
posted as levels that you can trade off
of. And let's go ahead and take a look
at that. Now, here's the latest alert on
the Discord server, and we can see that
this is at 11:30 a.m. We post the
strikes for the alert, but we also post
a chart that shows you which time frames
were in the top five and includes the
win uh rate or the percentage over the
last 90 days, that was from the weekly
report. What this means is that over the
last 90 days, the 10:30 a.m. trend
spread expired worthless 91.8%
of the time. You can see the 10 and
1015. So, these are great levels to work
with if the market starts to rally back
up. You can then sell credit spreads
above or wait for the trend to reverse
um and and might start putting out put
credit spreads. Today happened to be a
more bearish day, so we're going to see
more call credit spreads here, but these
are some great levels to work with for
trading S&P credit spreads. We know that
these uh levels are back tested and we
give you the win rates over the past 90
days. Again, this is all based on the
trend spread engine from
alphaccrunching.com.
To learn more, check out the blog on
alphaccrunching.com. And I'll see you in
the next video.